What's going on here?
My head hurts!
You are bony
Of course my head hurts after being lethargic for 3 days.
How do I feel? I don't remember anything
Hey, let's help each other
Better to forget each other in the rivers and lakes
I won't bother you anymore
you
What are you talking about?
Nothing. Nothing.
Miss Su Miss Su
Su Xiao
Miss Su
Miss Su, don't die, Miss Su
You sleep for three days.
He took care of you for three days
Watch over you every night
I'm afraid something will happen to you.
Don't wake up
Great, you're finally awake.
You scared the life out of me.
I thought you were really going to die, how did you wake up?
I'm in a coma because of you these days.
Afraid that you will die
Happy for a while
Don't think too much.
No, you still don't care
What theorem?
You didn't take opium, did you?
I send to study He De He Neng
Miss Su is so affectionate to me, how could I refuse?
Previously, I was in the blessing and did not know the blessing.
What are you saying?